Seeing.
Which one?
And the Marmite butter Jake Anos
Group composed, will Fernando
bear my chance? Marriage
Jaqueline, Yonkers with sleep.
E competitive. Tribal.
Practical.
As you could do once they've
they've built there, I'll call
you video premiere class in my
city was through your purchased
as a class in my class fields.
For example, leave monography
legalese.
He travels is a class in
morning.
As each point for the specific
uses but is in 50, chief will
believe doesn't pressure.
Yeah, I urgent consecutive
premier official catalog graph.
What is the question first?
But as importantly, enough
classes serve isn't staying
virus very obvious to be
stringing.
That's it achieved which store
which sell.
OK.
Which which you know happened.
A important selling data Mankey
told us how the media posts
retain our Gregor Como.
Duke city.
Molive Room, Vegas alley,
presentado.
So then the class active.
Enabled the importance of making
new collectible, which Lisa see
vector para.
Hey.
MONTEIRO massive eat the main
vector. Promote specialist
massive.
So they have the money list.
Umm.
Don't scare my spots. Doesn't
physically is is.
Let's see.
Misra.
Booked for ceramic girlfriend.
OK.
And pokeno Contador them.
You can have it.
And some detalii Eric situation.
So gravas all Merino push the
presence because of the service
bill.
My face too. Did you divided?
Searching occurred without
Luciano consecutive presidential
grabbers numbers?
You Marcia.
Adastra.
Yeah, that's OK.
But still not even.
And let's say.
Judge.
Bananas and that's it.
And then there is the.
Well, Erica Kia, most turnovers.
Something sana and they live.
The big storage.
But the Deep South Sudan.
1.
Yep, right to this kadas do
believe.
As in shop on saying.
Yeah, that's OK. This isn't
present or leave.
Probably sharish.
Again, please.
Been. Yes, he and woman.
But for look up Cortex was the
support this time is.
Is it set of complex channel?
Are you are you up or Perez?
This is why this in this leaves.
We said decision star, he must
approach the vector from them.
No choice winner.
Yes, it is intransigent.
Familiar.
Should we pull menu?
And so.
Which?
The minimum is that the facility
never got local.
You MANOEL DJing stain across on
those days back to just see if
huge pistol.
E omens not patching, she, which
it is.
The restaurant was, so was.
Restaurants Christmas Eve.
Because I'm sorry.
Kaden person who I keep
referencing.
Evening Sweet Stout, but as not
as opsonins.
This sound that doesn't say you
do chip because.
Or hey Cortana, tell me.
Check domains Picardo college
with me.
But it says a personal there is
gonna sound.
And life, what they say.
I see.
Me and I see.
Because we can do a check, the
last explained.
It makes the phone numbers and
specifically.
I think you can spread your
cheeks look crazy. Screen he
noon verification.
He passed on for Prashad quota
quote here, which is great.
It's so hold on to that. To the
vector you choose from somewhere
easier. I think she packed.
Asian tonight going through.
Yeah, and but it's not working.
The northern contract, yeah,
yeah.
Just speak in the one of the
sound.
In premium presence, Fernando.
Uh.
Official cut the little girl.
You found me.
So.
Question simple.
Actually, just tell my mad.
I hope that's a good to talk
about how the meal.
Chocolate travel through my
singles.
Let's see.
Denying the move.
That was huge.
Yeah, well, you're not selfish
graph.
The damper is. See the phone.
Because that's the color cord.
No, sorry furniture.
What I do in and they had my
buddy Victor being searching. So
in case don't do.
The organ is a something from us
on phone book my fees.
Are you interested in the Today
show? Is possible precisely.
OK Umm the difficulty would I
out there?
What time are you? Yeah, that's
correct that.
Umm.
If I claimed present for me.
With the.
So who?
OK.
Yeah, but so.
Well, Anderson stuff isn't
that's, you know, possible happy
Genki.
In premiere, most reactive
synonym search report remains.
Because seated centuries.
For the Barcelona scourge with
this stuff, but we could expand
on searching.
A presenter was that was do
Louise in bar shows that do
live.
Same.
It's.
Born, I used to cause the the
the presentation.
Miller do the code.
It's budget request that you
have no.